72755 (11.2-U3) Define Docker VM replacement (#710)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/vms.rst

* :ref:`VNC Interface <vms-vnc>`

> .. note:: A :ref:`|dockerhost|` is not compatible with VNC connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: A :ref:`|dockerhost|` does not support VNC connections.
```

  performance, but requires the operating system installed in the VM to
  support VirtIO disk devices.

> A |dockerhost| also has a :guilabel:`password` field. This is the log in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A |dockerhost| also has a :guilabel:`password` field. This is the login
```

Computing) remote connection. A standard
`VNC <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_Network_Computing>`__
client can connect to the VM to provide screen output and keyboard and

> mouse input. Each standard VM can only have a single VNC device, and VNC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mouse input. Each standard VM can have a single VNC device. |dockerhost|s
```

> devices are not available on a |dockerhost|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not support VNC devices.
```

> .. note:: Using a non-US keyboard via VNC is not yet supported. As a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Using a non-US keyboard with VNC is not yet supported. As a
```

   needed.

.. index:: |dockerhost|
.. _|dockerhost|:

|dockerhost|
------------

`Docker <https://www.docker.com/what-docker>`__

> is Open Source software for automating application deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is open source software for automating application deployment
```

`Rancher <https://rancher.com/>`__
is a web-based tool for managing Docker containers.

%brand% runs the Rancher web interface within the |dockerhost|.

.. index:: |dockerhost| Requirements
.. _|dockerhost| Requirements:

|dockerhost| Requirements
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The system BIOS **must** have virtualization support enabled for a

> |dockerhost| to run properly after installation. On Intel systems this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|dockerhost| to work properly. On Intel systems this
```

   | Setting                        | Value          | Description                                                                        |
   |                                |                |                                                                                    |
   +================================+================+====================================================================================+

>    | VM Type                        | drop-down menu | Choose between a standard VM or a specialized VM to be a |dockerhost|.             |

Reviewer: Changed above:
```suggestion
   | VM Type                        | drop-down menu | Choose between a standard VM or a specialized |dockerhost| VM.             |
```

   |                                |                |                                                                                    |
   +--------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Name                           | string         | Enter a descriptive name for the |dockerhost|.                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Name                           | string         | A descriptive name for the |dockerhost|.                                     |
```

   |                                |                |                                                                                    |
   +--------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Description                    | string         | Describe this |dockerhost|.                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Description                    | string         | A description of this |dockerhost|.                                                        |
```

   |                                |                |                                                                                    |
   +--------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Virtual CPUs                   | integer        | Enter the number of virtual CPUs to allocate to the |dockerhost|. The maximum is   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Virtual CPUs                   | integer        | Number of virtual CPUs to allocate to the |dockerhost|. The maximum is   |
```

   |                                |                | *16* unless the host CPU also limits the maximum.                                  |
   |                                |                | The VM operating system can also have operational or licensing restrictions on     |
   |                                |                | the number of CPUs.                                                                |
   |                                |                |                                                                                    |
   +--------------------------------+----------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Memory Size (MiB)              | integer        | Allocate the amount of RAM in MiB for the |dockerhost|. A minimum *2048* MiB of    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Memory Size (MiB)              | integer        | Allocate this amount of RAM in MiB for the |dockerhost|. A minimum *2048* MiB of    |
```

If the terminal does not show a :literal:`rancher login:` prompt,

> press :kbd:`Enter`. The |dockerhost| can take some time to start and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
press :kbd:`Enter`. The |dockerhost| can take several minutes to start and
```
